# _My Favorite Places_

#### _A Rails Travel Diary - See the current weather in your favorite places and revisit your memories!_

#### By Diane Douglas

## Description

#### [Try it on Heroku: My Favorite Places](https://secret-thicket-66991.herokuapp.com/)

This app uses the [Open Weather Map API](openweathermap.org/api) to allow you to look at the current weather conditions in your favorite places. 

* On the homepage see a preview of a randomized place from a user with their favorite memory, a picture, and the current weather in that place. 
* Create an account with a username and password, then add some of your favorite places. Where did you last go on vacation? Where did you grow up? Use city, state, or city, country, or even specific addresses.
* With each place you can include a picture, the length of your stay and your favorite memory.
* Click on any of your places to see the current weather conditions (for example, light snow at 31.41 &deg;F.) All your places are saved to a database where you can safely edit or delete them later.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

To run this app locally:

1. Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/dianedouglas/rails-travel-diary`

2. Change directory into the top level of the project folder: `cd rails-travel-diary`

3. Install dependencies. This project uses `sqlite3` for a local database and `postgresql` for deployment on Herolku. It uses `bcrypt-ruby` for password encryption. 

```
bundle
// On some machines you may need to run one this command if you encounter errors with bundling:
ARCHFLAGS="-arch x86_64" bundle
```

4. Set up the database and seed it with some starter data:

```
rake db:migrate
rake db:seed
```

5. Create a free account at [Open Weather Map](openweathermap.org/api) and copy the generated API Key from [here](https://home.openweathermap.org/api_keys). 

6. Load the API key into an environment variable called "WEATHER_API_KEY" using Figaro.

7. Start a local server with `rails server` and then navigate your browser to `http://localhost:3000/`

To deploy your own version on Heroku:



## Known Bugs

I have not ported this to mobile yet. That's about it :) 

## Support and contact details

Please feel free to fork this repository and submit pull requests back. You can also contact me here:

* Email: diane.douglas1@gmail.com
* My Website: [www.MelodicCode.com](http://www.melodiccode.com)

## Technologies Used

* YouTube Data API
* YouTube Player API
* OAuth
* The usual suspects: JavaScript, HTML, CSS

Copyright (c) 2017 **Diane Douglas**